[AUDIO LOGO]
>>GEORGE NOORY: When you
channel, how do you do that?
>>MARINA JACOBI: I have a
so-called open channeling,
that I can listen and
talk at the same time.
>>NOORY: Do some people who can
enter this reality like that?
>>JACOBI: We all do.
You are the one actually--
the projecting into the matrix
from your frequency of
emotion, thoughts, and actions
>>NOORY: Do you
channel ETs at will?
Could you do one now?
>>JACOBI: Mm-hmm.
>>NOORY: How is planet Earth
looked at by other ET races?
>>JACOBI: Primitive,
with all due respect.
>>NOORY: Is there a
positive future for mankind?
[THEME MUSIC]
Well, welcome to this
edition of "Beyond Belief."
Marina Jacobi with us, an
author and ET channeler,
who has connected
with many races
and channeled complex
scientific teachings.
Marina, welcome to the program.
>>JACOBI: Thank you so
much for having me again.
It's my pleasure.
Thank you very much.
>>NOORY: When you channel,
how do you do that?
>>JACOBI: Your resonance
of your biofuel
becomes coherent
in one structure
with another frequency
and becomes one unit
and you are able to
download information
above the structure
of the resonance
that you are vibrating on.
>>NOORY: Did you train yourself,
or did this gift just happen?
>>JACOBI: Well, I had gifts,
like a child, of lucid dreaming
and I've learned
automatic writing.
And then when I connected
with the hybrids,
they were the first one that
connected with me, 2010.
They taught me telepathic,
how to do telepathic.
And when you start
practicing, it
tenses by itself over and
over and becomes like a--
I have a so-called
open channeling,
that I can listen and talk
and, at the same time,
couple of different
vibrational sequences
verging into talking
to you, for example.
>>NOORY: When you were small and
this was beginning to happen,
did it scare you?
>>JACOBI: No, actually,
I wanted to write
a book about extraterrestrials.
I was very eager to
know more about it.
No, never did, actually.
>>NOORY: That's fascinating.
We hear a lot, Marina, about the
word quantum, quantum reality.
What is that to you?
>>JACOBI: Well,
I was taught from
the extraterrestrial groups
what is the quantum reality.
And they specifically taught
me how to combine consciousness
with matter, how everything
is through frequency sound
vibration.
Three similar on-vibration
structures of sound waves
combine together.
And they create a trinity
unit, becomes like a molecule
vibration, and starting to
pulsate like a breathing
in and out, and
expanding and collapsing.
And that creates a reality
based on the magnetic
and the gravitational field
within the quantum matrix
latitude, altitude.
>>NOORY: How do people use
this in their day-to-day life?
>>JACOBI: They you
use it because if you
know the alchemy of the
metaphysics of everything
around you, you are
the one actually,
the projecting into the matrix
from your frequency of emotion,
thoughts, and actions, creates
magnetic and gravitational
field, becomes a laser
potent frequency,
and immediately from
you, goes into the field
and creates matter
structures, realities.
>>NOORY: Do you know
some people who can
enter this reality like that?
>>JACOBI: We all
do, not knowingly.
Every single one of us
does, not knowingly.
>>NOORY: In the dream state?
In what form?
>>JACOBI: Even now,
every moment when
you put a thought
and emotion, creates
magnetic and
gravitational field.
You project that within
your matrix from within.
And the next moment, you
create a new matrix of reality.
You shift your
consciousness into,
and you create another
matter structure.
But you're also reprinting
everybody in it.
So when you look
at me right now,
you projected that
frequency within your field
and reflect as you, as
another version of you,
so you can have a reality that
what you experienced right now.
>>NOORY: Is there a science,
Marina, behind this?
>>JACOBI: Yes, I teach quantum
manifestation protocols
based on exactly science.
Everything is based on science.
And that was from the
extraterrestrials.
That's what they taught me.
>>NOORY: Is it like physics?
>>JACOBI: It's like physics.
But I didn't think
of it as physics
because I didn't study
physics from the planet Earth.
I was taught in a different
way to download physics
from above structure,
above the planet.
>>NOORY: Tell me about
your ET channeling.
How did that happen?
>>JACOBI: I was in my home.
And I was doing, as usual,
the automatic writing.
And all of a sudden,
I had a picture
that looked like the Greys.
And they told me,
we are the Hybrids.
Hello, Marina, we
are the Hybrids.
And be careful what you're
thinking because every thought
that you have becomes like
a hologram in front of us.
We can see it.
And this is how
the journey started
when they start teaching
me how the reality combines
with each other; how it
merges; what do you do;
that your emotion,
thoughts, and actions create
matter structure; how you
shift from reality to reality.
What is reality?
What is a fractal reality?
What is a timeline?
>>NOORY: Sure.
What is reality?
>>JACOBI: Reality
is the combination
of all the structures that
you project within the now.
And you combine it in magnetic
and gravitational field.
And then you shift
in moment to moment.
Each moment you shift,
you shift to a new Earth,
and a new Earth, and a
new Earth infinitely.
And the continuity of that
creates a parallel structure
of reality.
>>NOORY: We've got some
pictures we'd like to discuss.
>>JACOBI: Mm-hmm, yes.
>>NOORY: Let's look at our
first one here, Marina.
And you can tell us
what we're looking at.
What is this?
>>JACOBI: That was given
from one of my guides
from the Council of Nine.
I'm connected with the Council
of Nine and the Pleiadians.
And they explained to
me how each sound wave,
the way you see it, the
frequency 1, frequency 2,
frequency 3 Hertz
combines with each other.
And then below, you
see how it becomes
a full structure of molecule.
And it's created by this trinity
structure by the frequency.
When this is combined, actually
based on the latitude, altitude
where you are in
the quantum field,
you can create, for example,
the version of yourself.
And that version of yourself
starting to pulsate.
And when it's pulsating, when
you see the little person
there, that's starting to
pulsate as a version of you.
And when is the pulsation
happens, actually
splits and reprints for itself
to infinite of probabilities.
>>NOORY: Why are they
in that bubble type?
>>JACOBI: Because it creates
this molecule, at in the center
you have the black hole, the
way you see in the center.
And from there, you actually
shift in the realities.
It's actually the
neutrality, the zero point,
where from one structure
you teleport to another.
>>NOORY: Let's look
at the next picture,
and you can tell
us what this is.
>>JACOBI: And this is actually
what reality really looks like.
When you really pull back, this
is what your matrix look like.
Is based on frequency,
sound, numbers.
This is in the quantum
field in your matrix.
But when you combine the
magnetic and gravitational
field of these
numbers in geometry,
becomes very potent geometry
magnetic and gravitational
field, which actually,
it's a matter.
Even your chair right
now, everything looks
like that because
you can measure
the frequency of the
vibration of the location.
And this is what the reality
of the matrix of what
we are really looks like.
>>NOORY: Looks like a spaceship
in the background, doesn't it?
>>JACOBI: You can create a
spaceship in the background.
You can create
anything you wish to.
>>NOORY: Is this all part of
the quantum reality again?
>>JACOBI: Yes, this all
part of the quantum reality.
>>NOORY: How do people
engulf themselves
in this quantum reality?
How do they get into it?
>>JACOBI: Well, you
project everybody in it.
That one particle actually
expands to infinity.
And when expands to infinity,
in the fractal momentum,
you're reprinting
everybody in it.
So in actuality, is one particle
that reprints everybody in it.
So you projecting me,
and all your coworkers,
and everything you
see from within.
It's nobody outside of you.
You actually project from
within everybody in it.
>>NOORY: And are people
doing this on their own?
>>JACOBI: Yes, but nobody
taught them the real quantum
structure.
You've been told that you
have to see it to believe it.
And what the
extraterrestrial taught me
that you have to
create it to see it.
And this is what I teach.
>>NOORY: And do people use
this in their everyday life?
>>JACOBI: Yes, they do because
it's a very specific protocol
of how you need to combine
your thoughts, emotions,
and deeds to collapse the
probabilities of the shifting
between realities.
If you want to do
something or if you
don't want to do
something splits up
into realities of probabilities.
And then which one you chose
to experience and act more on
collapses and becomes a
reality of a matter for you.
>>NOORY: How would you use it
in your day-to-day existence?
Give us an example.
>>JACOBI: Well, for example,
you wish to marry somebody else,
somebody.
And you don't know how
this thing is going to go.
If you decide to
marry the person,
the reality splits up and
becomes a completed timeline
of outcome.
But what happens
with the reality
that you didn't
marry to that person?
So you have two
probabilities of a choice--
to marry or not to marry.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>JACOBI: And if you
choose to marry and take
a physical action, the physical
action crystallizes that idea
from the matrix to become matter
and then becomes a reality
for you that you experience
in the matter structure.
But in quantum field,
the probability
of reality that you didn't
marry also exists in the field
and projected itself.
But you did not
experience in the matter
because you didn't
take a physical action
to become crystallization.
So that's why people like
me or somebody else that can
tune in into this
knowledge, they
can see what's going to happen
if you marry to this person
or not marry to this person.
They can go linearly into the
fractal momentum of expansion
to see the outcome.
>>NOORY: You can see
the future, basically?
>>JACOBI: Well, I
would say, the future
is based on probabilities--
probabilities
by fluctuation between
those two choices.
And whatever you end up tuning
into more at this moment,
that's what I can
see as a probability.
>>NOORY: What would you
call parallel reality?
What is that?
>>JACOBI: Parallel
reality is based
on this frequency vibrations,
like a radio signal.
If you have, for example,
one of the parallel realities
can vibrate in 3 Hertz.
That's the sound wave
of the vibration.
But then you can have
a parallel reality that
is vibrating on a 5th Hertz.
>>NOORY: And what's
the difference?
>>JACOBI: The difference
is the vibrational signals
and sequences that they're
mutating and vibrating
and collapsing with together.
That creates a
different structures
of existence based on sound
waves and the vibration
that they're holding.
Literally looks like a different
radio channel, so different TV
channels.
Each TV channel has a different
life form, different sequences.
And you can tune in into that
if you know how to do so.
>>NOORY: If you
know how to do that.
>>JACOBI: Mm-hmm.
>>NOORY: And if you can't
do it, what happens?
>>JACOBI: You cannot do
it, then you lock yourself
into a specific
matrix of reality.
And if you don't
know how to mutate
and how to control that
matrix, you are actually
could be completely controlled.
And you will never
see the existence
of the other platforms.
>>NOORY: I believe we have
some more pictures to look at.
>>JACOBI: Mm-hmm,
yes, of course.
>>NOORY: Let's take a
look at them, Marina,
and see what we have here.
>>JACOBI: Oh, OK.
Here, we have the
2 Hertz represent
a parallel timeline,
vibrational sequence.
Now, when you see the
first one, the first circle
with the person, that is a
reality for itself in a matrix.
Once you have the thoughts,
the emotions, and the feelings,
becomes a frequency.
And you shift your consciousness
into the next picture
of 2 Hertz.
Those two are completely
different parallel universes
and realities.
But they're similar
on vibration.
So the next time you
have a emotion, thoughts,
and actions similar on
that thinking and thoughts,
you also shift now in the
third one in the 2 Hertz.
So each time, this is
parallel reality for itself,
parallel Earth for itself.
But you have a parallel
timeline based on the frequency
because it's the same sequence.
Once you learn how to do
the quantum manifestation,
how to combine the frequency,
how to control that field,
and realize that you
are the matrix itself,
and you can control by your
emotion, thoughts, and actions,
you can start implementing
through the heart
positive frequency.
And you can start collecting 5th
Hertz of dimensional sequence
for 5th-dimensional structure.
And this is how you
shift in the emotion.
And you start experiencing new
realities and new realities
and on and on and on.
If you do that, you'll
be able to accumulate
different frequencies
of vibrations.
And all that becomes parallel
universes, parallel timelines
in a fractal momentum.
>>NOORY: What do the
little figurines represent?
>>JACOBI: That is you
in a fractal momentum.
Each time you shift, each
time you create a new Earth
with another version of you.
And that new
version, you're also
projecting everybody in it.
>>NOORY: Is this like
time traveling, Marina?
>>JACOBI: Bilocation,
time travelings.
There's also simulated
realities based on spacecrafts.
You can go to different
galaxies, simulated realities.
>>NOORY: These ET
contacts that you have,
are they constantly
in touch with you?
>>JACOBI: Well, it's almost like
constantly talking in my head.
It's like you are
talking to somebody.
But on top of that, I
have constant connection.
>>NOORY: Does it disrupt you?
>>JACOBI: No, became part of
me, I think almost like a double
at the same time.
>>NOORY: I mean, do you
talk, and they communicate
at the same time to you?
>>JACOBI: Yes.
Yes, like a thoughts.
It comes like a thoughts,
constant thoughts coming in.
>>NOORY: Do you summon them up?
Or do they just
appear in your head?
>>JACOBI: There
are different ways.
I can pull back--
ask a question, pull back, and
listen, and then talk normally.
And there are ways that
I can tune in directly
within the field and start
talking through them.
>>NOORY: And do they--
>>JACOBI: It's
like a knowingness.
>>NOORY: --tell you what
planetary system they're from
and things like that?
>>JACOBI: Well, the
truth is that they never
discuss too much of
the planetary system
and specific locations
because they want my material
to be based on quantum
structures and physics
because you can prove that.
But you cannot prove if somebody
claims what location and what
ET is.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>JACOBI: And they
want that authenticity
because they told me, and I'm
quoting, that "in the future,
all of us will reach
certain level of vibration
in our consciousness.
And each individual in
the fractal momentum
will have their own contact.
And that's going to
be the real proof."
So they can winnow of
the people that are
naturally true to the cause.
>>NOORY: Do you channel ETs?
Can you do that at will?
>>JACOBI: Yes, I
did this last time.
>>NOORY: Could you do one now?
>>JACOBI: Mm-hmm.
You just ask a question, and
I tune in within the question.
>>NOORY: All right, my
question to the ETs would be,
are you from this universe
or a different universe?
>>JACOBI: And the answer is,
we are from the field itself.
Each fields become
a fractal momentum.
And in that fractal momentum,
based on your frequency
vibration, you project
a version of us
based on your belief
systems that interact
with you the way you wish to.
>>NOORY: Are there
other universes?
>>JACOBI: There are
infinite universes
within the field based on the
vibration of the belief system.
It's simply a perception.
But everything in
actuality is a stillness.
And from that
stillness, you actually
create wherever you wish to go.
>>NOORY: How many different
ET races are there in,
let's say, the universe
that planet Earth is in?
>>JACOBI: The word
of 300,000 comes
to mind if you
talk into galactic.
We're talking not linear.
We're talking
parallel realities,
realities within the
realities that are
coexisting at the same time.
The number is 300,000
from your point of view.
>>NOORY: All right, how
is planet Earth looked
at by other ET races?
What do they think of us?
>>JACOBI: Primitive,
with all due respect.
There's a lot of dogma and
prejudism and unjustice.
However, you are moving
to the next level.
>>NOORY: Can we get
to that next level?
>>JACOBI: You're already in.
You just experience
how you get there.
Remember, into the
quantum structure,
everything already happened.
And yet you're
creating it to see it.
>>NOORY: Is there a
positive future for mankind?
>>JACOBI: Already is.
You're living into.
You just need to shift
your vibration of belief
system of the perception.
And so you are in
the field of it.
From that momentum,
you start acting on it.
So you create the
parallel timeline for it.
>>NOORY: Is there a
danger for planet Earth?
>>JACOBI: From
perspective of fear,
of course, because
you will create based
on that frequency vibration
the reality of probability
for you to experience the fear.
Which one do you
choose to experience?
>>NOORY: We constantly hear
the phrase "free will."
Do we really have free will?
>>JACOBI: Yes, you are.
You always have a free will.
However, if that
free will end up
interrupting the natural process
of ascension of consciousness
itself, it will be
stopped in its tracks.
And consciousness will preserve
itself to the ultimate.
>>NOORY: If you could solve
a problem for planet Earth,
what would that be?
>>JACOBI: The heart.
>>NOORY: Explain.
>>JACOBI: Getting to the heart--
the heart has a specific
chambers of vibration.
Through your
compassion and love,
you're going to shift the
frequency of your momentum
in the now.
And that will shift
you and bilocate you
into a parallel universe,
when you will see planet Earth
is making in the new beginning.
>>NOORY: Is the heart much
like a brain, where it
has its own ability to think?
>>JACOBI: Yes, indeed.
The heart collects the frequency
vibrations that you projected
in a quantum field
in your matrix,
convert them in a
special chambers,
and they become very
potent frequency.
That has the keys to open
portals and stargates.
>>NOORY: Do the ETs that we're
channeling right now ever give
us misinformation on purpose?
>>JACOBI: Depending who
you connecting with.
Sometimes, in order
for you to be preserved
as a consciousness,
misinformation
will be given to some case in
order the person to be saved.
There are a lot of platforms
in your planetary field
that are wish to sustain the old
belief systems in the matrix.
>>NOORY: Do you believe in God?
>>JACOBI: God is a fractal
expression of who you are.
You are a fractal expression
of God itself in the now.
You hold the power of the entire
structure of that frequency.
>>NOORY: How did we exist?
How did we develop?
>>JACOBI: From the
frequency sound.
It's simply a sound of a ohm.
And that sound is created of
billions of sound frequencies
within now creates
one potent frequency
so potent on vibration
that emanates
in ripples through the
structure of the quantum field,
then builds back
into one momentum.
And that expands into reality
based on the magnetic field.
>>NOORY: Marina, UFO
investigator Paola Harris
has a lot to say about
the existence of ETs.
>>PAOLO HARRIS:
Let's get over it.
>>NOORY: Is there a
message for humanity?
Based on everything
you have investigated,
what do you think is happening?
They're visiting us.
They're coming here.
They have been since the
beginning of mankind.
What's going on, Paola?
>>HARRIS: Well,
I'm not that wise,
but I did talk to
Edgar Mitchell once.
>>NOORY: I miss him.
>>HARRIS: I miss him, too.
>>NOORY: Apollo 14 astronaut--
>>HARRIS: Astronaut, yeah.
>>NOORY: Walked on the moon.
>>HARRIS: You know
what he said to me?
I said, do you think people
are ready for disclosure?
He said, no.
I said, why?
He said, they can't get
along with each other.
How are they going to get along
with extraterrestrial races
that look completely
different from them?
How are they going to get along
with all these different types
of races?
Now, you know that
Clifford Stone
said there was 57
different species he
was dealing with that
he had seen in a manual.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>HARRIS: I mean, we
have exo-racism as it is.
The Reptilians are bad.
There's abductions.
The Nordics are good.
They're angels.
I mean, what we--
>>NOORY: The Greys
do their thing.
>>HARRIS: I mean,
it's ridiculous
how we have already made
a decision about something
we don't really know
that much about.
And so when Mitchell
told me, I felt sad
because I think you
and I want to know.
>>NOORY: We want the answers.
>>HARRIS: Well, we
want the answers
before we go to the other place.
It's like we want the
answers, but even the ETs,
I don't think, want to give
us the answers right now.
And Jacques said
something very beautiful
that I want to share with you.
He said, look, he
said, this phenomena
is a teaching mechanism to show
us who we are as a species.
He said, every now and
then, we look up and wonder.
We see a UFO.
And he says, we-- because
he did when he was young.
And he says, we have
to open our minds.
And we have to think
outside the box.
And I love that because in the
end, there isn't a whole bunch
you can do with a sighting.
>>NOORY: Exactly.
How many different ET
races are you dealing with?
>>JACOBI: Three or four.
They come based on what the
information needs to be given.
>>NOORY: And they're from
different planetary systems
out there?
>>JACOBI: The Council
of Nine is above
the extraterrestrial structure.
They oversee extraterrestrials
and the humans and the planets.
They can change bylaws
of whatever agreements.
They can change agreements
in the souls of--
>>NOORY: Why is sound so
important to all of this?
>>JACOBI: Because it
creates a ripple effect
within the quantum field.
It combines.
And when it combines,
based on the sequences,
and the magnetic and
gravitational field
contracts into
matter the way water
has five states of matter.
>>NOORY: How were the
pyramids built in the planet?
>>JACOBI: What I was told
is through levitation,
through frequency sound
technology, sound wave
technology, laser technology.
>>NOORY: Floating the
blocks, basically.
>>JACOBI: Floating--
something-- I see it right now.
It was floating but was floating
like this, almost bouncing,
when they were doing it.
Water was involved with that,
too, water sound, water.
Some water was underneath also.
The water was going
through the chambers.
Some laser, something
like that, was involved.
That's what I saw.
>>NOORY: Marina, let's look
at another one of our pictures
here.
And you can discuss it.
And is this your work?
>>JACOBI: That is my work,
given from the Pleiadians.
It's called "The
Harmonic Reactor" book.
It's on my website.
And this is how they show
me the frequency and sound.
Into the quantum
structure, everything
is created from
frequency and sounds.
And is explaining how,
for example, the sound
works, how it's combined.
What is different frequencies
combining in the field?
And this was actually showing
me how you can energize
the water from 3 Hertz.
3 Hertz in a quantum
structure is actually
cleaning every single frequency
that was given into your field.
So if you put 3 Hertz
of sound into the water,
and you hold it for 20
minutes of duration,
and then you drink
it, it's actually
combining your biofield into
coherent with everything
that is around you.
>>NOORY: It's almost like the
work of the late Dr. Emoto.
He hits water with sound waves.
>>JACOBI: Yes, maybe
something similar, yeah.
>>NOORY: But
different frequencies
create different energies.
What if you create sound
waves against the human body?
What would that do to it?
>>JACOBI: It could destroy it
and disseminate the molecules.
>>NOORY: Or could
it make it better?
>>JACOBI: Could make it better.
And I talk about their
5th-dimensional artificial
intelligence about that.
>>NOORY: Could you build
a weapon based on sound?
>>JACOBI: Yes, they already
have weapons based on sound.
And they can have weapons
that can completely
destroy everything.
But what they taught me
is that you can actually
build something completely
positive through frequency,
and restructure cells, and build
the human body back to normal.
>>NOORY: Let's look
at the next picture
and see what we have here.
>>JACOBI: That is
actually examples
of what different frequency
sound does into the quantum
field.
And the way you see it, 4
Hertz collects all the centers
of the power of the
frequency, whatever
is around the field, and
the combination of them,
how you can combine each
frequency, and what it does.
And actually, they give
you what the frequency
does into the quantum field.
And when you have a
science and laboratory,
they can actually
start practicing
what different frequency
and combination
and duration of sound wave can
do within the quantum field.
And this is-- actually,
this is actually
the creation of matter.
>>NOORY: Do you make
these sound waves
with tuning forks
or instruments,
musical instruments?
What creates it?
>>JACOBI: You can do.
But that would be too
primitive if we're
going to do technology.
Technology has to include
artificial intelligence
of a positive structure.
That is not putting
robotics in your body,
but can recognize the field
and rebuild your structure
back to normal.
>>NOORY: I think we have two
more illustrations for us
here, Marina.
Let's look at the next one.
>>JACOBI: This is
actually an explanation
of how two parallel realities
exist at the same time.
>>NOORY: What city
is this, by the way?
>>JACOBI: I believe
so it's New York City.
This is how, actually,
in reality you
have split-up of
the two timelines.
In one of them, you could
be married to one person.
In the other one, you
could not be married.
But you, into the field,
those two realities
simultaneously running
at the same time.
>>NOORY: All right, let's
look at our last photograph.
>>JACOBI: And this is how you
create parallel Earths running
at the same time.
From the one Earth,
you split up on two.
From the other two, you split
it in two, and more and more.
It's infinite of probability
of Earths at the same time.
That's how they exist
at the same time.
And if you know how to
mutate the quantum field,
you can actually tune in and
look into each parallel reality
Earth, what's really happening,
outcomes of realities.
>>NOORY: Why are there
so many little planets?
>>JACOBI: Because
each Earth splits up
on another one and
another one to infinite.
This actually can
go to infinite.
>>NOORY: Does that help the
planet or hurt the planet?
>>JACOBI: Will help the planet
based on the emotional thought.
You create that planet.
Is going to go by how
you vision that planet.
Is that positive planet
or negative planet?
You have a positive
or negative charge
when you shift the vibration.
>>NOORY: Ufologist
Richard Dolan, Marina,
has his own take on ETs.
>>RICHARD DOLAN:
Another discrepancy
is that there are many, many
encounters, a shockingly
large number of
encounters, I believe,
that people-- ordinary
people have with beings that
are absolutely not
ordinary, and which
lead me to probably
connect them with what we
would call UFO/ET phenomenon.
So one such example would be
what some researchers might
have called the Tall Whites.
I've run into a number of cases
personally from individuals
who have encountered
beings that seem like this.
One perfect example
of this would
be one I got from a retired
US Air Force colonel,
a man who also has a PhD, and
a wonderful guy, sharp guy.
Did a lot of classified
work in his day
and had a strong not
only interest in UFO/ET
but had had some work to do with
it in his professional capacity
in the Air Force.
But the story that he told
me was in a private capacity.
And this is just
incredible stuff.
I met with him and his wife.
And they were both sitting down.
And they told me
of a time that they
were in a Las Vegas Casino--
this is in the 1990s--
with a friend of theirs
who happened to be--
they described as psychic.
So they were all good friends,
and they were in this casino.
I believe he said it
was the Wynn, which
is a beautiful place.
>>REGINA MEREDITH:
Yeah, Steve Wynn's.
>>DOLAN: Yes, they were
on the second floor,
having a good time.
And the psychic friend
grabbed the colonel
by the upper arm like
this and said, stop.
And she motioned to a shockingly
beautiful blonde woman
maybe 20 feet away or so.
And she said, she's
not one of us.
She's not like us.
Now, it's Las
Vegas, and there are
a lot of beautiful
people in Las Vegas.
>>MEREDITH: Including
shockingly beautiful blondes.
>>DOLAN: That's exactly right.
But something got the
attention of this woman.
She became scared, nervous.
And she and the man's wife
went down the escalator,
actually, to get away.
The colonel stayed there
for a little while.
And he's looking at this woman.
And her back is
partly turned to him.
And he's staring at her.
And she turns ever so slightly.
And then he said to me, that's
when I heard her in my mind.
>>MEREDITH: Oh, OK.
>>DOLAN: And she
sounded, he said,
almost like, I would think, like
a police officer on the beat,
saying something like,
nothing to see here.
Go about your business.
Just go on.
>>MEREDITH: Interest--
telepathically.
>>DOLAN: Yeah, right, exactly.
>>MEREDITH: Yeah.
>>DOLAN: So he was a
bit shocked by that.
He was a bit surprised.
He stayed there.
And moments later, she was
joined by an equally beautiful
blond man.
And both of them,
incidentally, were
wearing incredibly
beautiful blue clothing.
He joins her.
They're obviously a pair.
They chat for a little while.
Or they're there.
He can't hear anything
at this point.
And then they begin walking
toward the escalator.
And he's thinking, perfect.
I'm right here.
I'm going to talk to them.
And he's getting his courage up.
He's a colonel-- tough guy.
>>MEREDITH: Yeah.
>>DOLAN: He's
nervous about this.
They're coming toward him.
And then he says nothing.
They walk by him.
They go down the escalator.
He starts now following
them down the escalator,
a few feet just behind them.
And he continues to hear
them conversing in the mind.
>>MEREDITH: Yes.
>>DOLAN: They're not speaking.
He's hearing them, and the
conversation was something
like, yes, he hears us.
Yeah, no big deal.
He's nobody important.
We'll just go
about our business.
They get down to the
bottom of the escalator,
and they walk off.
He stays there.
>>NOORY: Have you ever had the
ETs not communicate with you,
they just simply disappeared?
>>JACOBI: They will tell
me, we're busy right now.
But that's rare.
Or they will tell me, we cannot
give you that information.
>>NOORY: Have they done that?
>>JACOBI: Yeah,
they have done that.
I had people-- because
I have sometimes
scientists come in and ask me
for information, to download
information.
And there were a couple of
times that they were asking me--
somebody developed
this technology.
What is inside?
And they will not
give me the answer.
>>NOORY: Can they explain
for us the Big Bang Theory?
>>JACOBI: It's exactly what
I teach, the whole structure.
The Big Bang Theory is
expansion and collapsing.
>>NOORY: But how did
something start from nothing?
>>JACOBI: It's basically
you hear a sound.
And that sound combines
all that field.
And it collects all the
magnetic and gravitational field
and becomes fractal
momentums of it,
and starting to reprint
itself because it
starts spinning itself.
Creates the molecule.
Then this molecule vibrates.
And it's so quickly that
vibrates, and when it vibrates,
reprint itself.
And those two now
merging and start
collecting with each other
and bump into each other.
In between those two, you merge
one reality and another reality
together, it becomes
a third structure.
But that third structure ends
up like one structure again,
and again vibrates, splits up
again, and again and again,
infinite, infinite.
And each reality for itself
holds a reality of existence.
>>NOORY: Do you
use this knowledge
to help your own life?
>>JACOBI: Yes, I teach quantum
manifestation based on--
and I have examples
of manifestations.
If you put Marina Jacobi,
examples of manifestations,
in season four I have
a lot of examples
because they taught me to
manifest from ground zero,
when I don't have anything.
And is actually
exactly the opposite
that everybody is being taught.
>>NOORY: What is
your website, Marina,
for people who want
to get a hold of you
or look at more of your work?
>>JACOBI: My website is Marina
Jacobi, J-A-C-O-B-I, dot com.
And my YouTube channel
is The Harmonic Reactor.
>>NOORY: The Harmonic Reactor.
>>JACOBI: Yes.
>>NOORY: How many
books do you have now?
>>JACOBI: I have four.
>>NOORY: What's
your favorite one?
>>JACOBI: I would say
"The Harmonic Reactor"
because there is a
lot of information
for advanced extraterrestrial
technologies,
but also for healing.
And it's written in code.
So when scientists or
people are reading it,
actually, every word creates
a sound wave vibration,
sonic vibration, and activates
the person, plants a seed.
And if you start
tuning in more, you're
downloading more
information for yourself.
>>NOORY: How did you come across
this theory of the harmonics?
>>JACOBI: The Pleiadians
and the Council of Nine
downloaded this
information to me.
>>NOORY: Why you?
>>JACOBI: It was pre-chosen to
be me because I would complete
the-- whatever I needed to do.
>>NOORY: If there was some
impending doom on the planet,
an asteroid, let's say,
would be heading our way,
would they tell you?
Would they warn you?
>>JACOBI: It will
be parallel reality.
I was taught to think
of parallel reality
because if somebody tells you,
oh, an asteroid is coming,
or we are doomed, we're
not going to survive,
they're talking about
specific vibrational sequence
based on their belief system.
They're projecting that to you.
But you actually, if you
know the quantum structure,
you're going to
say, wait a minute.
I'm in my own matrix.
That is your belief
system in your reality.
I can create my own.
And if you know how
to maneuver that,
you believe that
planet Earth is safe.
And no matter what it
is, humanity makes it.
And if you stay on
that belief system,
you will project the
frequency waveform.
And the next
momentum that you're
going to shift
and create reality
will be on your structure, not
in somebody else belief system.
>>NOORY: And you could make
that asteroid merely disappear?
>>JACOBI: It could be infinite
probabilities in the quantum
field how this
asteroid can appear.
For you, it can never
come into fruition.
You will never see it.
Or somebody's going to say,
oh, my God, happen over there.
You never saw it.
Or simply you saw it, but
nothing happened to you.
It could be infinite
probabilities of how you're
going to experience that.
>>NOORY: Do you do this
with the power of your mind?
>>JACOBI: Yes, thoughts,
minds, and emotion.
Action is necessary
to crystallize
that magnetic and gravitational
field between your thoughts.
Your thoughts become a
blueprint in the matrix,
the way that picture we saw.
But when you include
the heart, the heart
becomes the sound
waves and activates
the thought matrix blueprint
and becomes to vibrate.
And then the action through
consistency every day
becomes crystallized.
And that becomes matter.
>>NOORY: Marina, thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
>>JACOBI: Thank you
very much for having me.
It's my pleasure.
>>NOORY: It's incredible
to have the power
to create things around this
planet, to better the planet,
to better yourself
through quantum harmonics.
I'm George Noory, and thanks
for watching "Beyond Belief."
[MUSIC PLAYING]